Hello everyone, and welcome to the Iterators
and Generators Homework Solution lecture.
So in this lecture, we'll be quickly going over some
of the solutions for the iterators and generators
homework assignment.
So problem one, hopefully it was pretty simple.
All you had to do was say for I in range N,
and then yield that I squared.
Problem two, little more complicated since we introduced
this random library.
But, pretty similarly, you just had to say for I in range N
and then yield and then basically this line but with the
inputs low, high.
Okay, problem three, what I really wanted you to do
was to convert the S to an iterator using the iter function
and then be able to print next S, just like we did
in the lecture.
Problem four, one use case for a generator is when your
output's gonna take, or has the potential to take up
a large amount of memory, and you only intend to iterate
through it, you'd want to use a generator.
Obviously multiple answers are acceptable here,
basically anything they mention in the lecture that you felt
was appropriate.
Then for the extra credit, basically this was a
generator comprehension, just like there are
list comprehensions and dictionary comprehensions.
You can actually create a generator comprehension.
So it's just a quick way of basically if we scroll up,
a quick way of making these kind of generator functions,
but instead of having to write this formal syntax,
you just write this in parentheses.
Okay, so you can google generator comprehension or
check out the official documentation if you're
interested in exploring that topic further.
Other than that, that's it for the iterators and generators
section of this course.
Main takeaway is just to keep in mind, use generators
when they're appropriate, and the yield statement
is what makes a normal function into a generator function.
Okay, thanks everyone, and I'll see you at the next lecture.